Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to make our data dynamic, okay?
To do this, we have to create a list of tests, write a list of tests we get, and we are going to
do it at the top over here.
And we can just go ahead and specify it is a type of list.
And also we are expecting a test, right?
So it is a type of string and now we can call this title and it's going to be equal to a list of tests.
Right.
Okay.
Now the first test is going to say.
Mr..
Meister had to turn a corner.
The second test is going to say, how does.
And the TED test is going to say a date profile.
The fourth test is going to say manage and manage.
My teenage.
And hopefully I can spell that my niche products.
Okay.
We have one, two, three, four.
And sorry.
Sorry.
And the fifth test is going to say maybe balance.
The balance.
And lastly.
This is going to be for the stats tea star status.
Okay, great.
And over here we need a semicolon and we can just use a state.
A state for widget since the data are dynamic.
So why light and use confined dots then convert to stateful with that?
Okay, great.
And now instead of this.
You can get rid of this and the tie to the tie to variable.
And we're going to need to pass the index over.
Remember, the index is referring to each item we have in this list.
Right.
And also what we can do is within the test, the test has a property known as to.
Ballpark is okay, is control, and that's safe now and go check it out.
You're going to see the wire.
You're going to see.
You can see the changes.
And what we can just do is we can reduce the main axis spacing to 30 and cross us 15 to 30 as well.
And we can just get rid of this pad.
And with that we have a light and use control dots and remove this widgets.
It's control as save.
And go check it out.
Okay.
I don't I don't I think I don't like this going to the next line.
We could just get rid of this case and use a small litter use, control and save.
Okay.
Do the same thing and manage product.
Then I'm going, okay, I'm just going to reduce this to maybe 20 or it's end and say first.
I was going to look like and.
Okay.
I think this is okay.
And now I'm going to change the color of the test.
Over your shoulder.
Maybe colors that white.
You can just use your own color and your size.
Okay.
And now we can make the icon dynamic as well.
To do that, we have to create a dynamic variable.
Right.
So this is also going to be a type of list that is list of icons and it is a type of icon data or something
known as icon data.
And we're going to call this variable icon like is going to be called to a list of icons.
Okay.
The first icon is going to be icon.
Icons Dot store.
Okay.
The second icon is going to be okay.
This is for.
Orders.
Okay.
We can just use the icons that.
Shop.
On the score.
Maybe, too.
I think we have icons of that sorry shop.
On this quote to outline okay is going to serve as the order orders and icons.
Though it's added for the added profile.
It did.
Okay.
The fourth icon is going to be icons.
I think icons the settings for the manage product settings and for the balance we can use icons.
That I think attach attach on the score.
Attached, underscore money and see.
Okay.
And the last icon, we want to be icons.
That.
Show.
On the scorecards or charts.
Sorry.
Okay.
Is excessive.
And over here, we need a semicolon.
Okay.
Hopefully we have the.
My store.
My shopping for orders.
It did provide.
One, two, two, four, five, six.
One, two, three, four, five, six.
Okay.
This country needs to save and now we can then use it.
Instead of this we can get rid of this and core the icons variable and we want to assess each icon in
that list by the index that is zero one, two, two, four, five, six, seven, eight and so on.
Okay.
Since good.
Since.
Good sense.
Good.
Or maybe we could also have a pardon.
Pardon.
And this time around, you're just going to go with the default eight.
You can check it out.
Looking great, right?
And you can see we have this elevation.
If you don't like that, most of the time, you just have to go with your own style.
You don't have to go with mine.
So you could maybe get rid of the default.
Okay.
Sorry.
We within the cards, we have this elevation and we said it's going to be 15, but you can just get
rid of this or use zero and you're not going to see that lets you shadow.
We have you can see it's gone.
I think I love it.
So I'm just going to.
Okay.
I'm just gonna do this and I think 15 is okay and use control properly.
You can just use 50, 60 or any you want.
You don't really need to follow my own pattern of design.
Okay.
Sounds good.
Since.
Good.
Sounds good, right?
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.